Support for COS (#77)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/google-gke.rst

About Using the Operator with Google GKE
****************************************

There are two ways to use NVIDIA GPU Operator with Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE):

- Use the default operating system, Container-Optimized OS.

  GKE configures the nodes with containerd from Google and the Google driver installer manages the NVIDIA GPU Driver.
  The GPU Operator manages the lifecycle and upgrade of the remaining software components such as the device plugin, container toolkit, DCGM, and so on.

- Use Ubuntu operating system with containerd.

  You can choose to use the Google driver installer to manage the NVIDIA GPU Driver.

>   Alternatively, you can use the Operator and NVIDIA Driver Manager to manage the driver lifecycle and upgrades.

Reviewer: I am questioning whether `NVIDIA Driver Manager` is the term we should use throughout this page. I do not have a better idea at the moment.

>   Alternatively, you can use the Operator and NVIDIA Driver Manager to manage the driver lifecycle and upgrades.

Reviewer: From the NVIDIA perspective, we recommend the latter approach on Ubuntu (have GPU Operator manage every software component) -- I am wondering if we should make that more evident here and in the procedure for Ubuntu.

  in the Google Cloud documentation.

*********************************

> Using the Google Driver Installer

Reviewer: In terms of structure, I am wondering if this page would be easier to follow if the section headers aligned with the bullets from the introduction:
```
Using Container-Optimized OS
...

Using Ubuntu
...
```
For each OS, we provide the recommended procedure. For COS, that would be Google's driver installer + GPU Operator for the rest. For Ubuntu, that would be GPU Operator for everything. 

One downside -- if we wanted to document multiple options for each OS, i.e. documenting two procedure for Ubuntu (Google vs NVIDIA managed drivers), that would lead to some duplication across the various procedures.

Reviewer: We discussed this offline and decided the current structure will suffice.

*********************************

Perform the following steps to create a GKE cluster with the ``gcloud`` CLI and use Google driver installer to manage the GPU driver.
You can create a node pool that uses a Container-Optimized OS node image or a Ubuntu node image.

#. Create the cluster.
   Refer to `Running GPUs in GKE Standard clusters <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/gpus#create>`__
   in the GKE documentation.

   When you create the cluster, specify the following additional ``gcloud`` command-line options:

>    - ``--node-labels="gke-no-default-nvidia-gpu-device-plugin=true"``

Reviewer: Question -- is this required for Ubuntu node pools? I only ask since our existing documentation, which only covers Ubuntu, does not mention this label.

Reviewer 2: cc @Dragoncell 

I would expect we need it for Ubuntu as well (otherwise we will run the GKE GPU device plugin on those nodes).

          -n gpu-operator \
          nvidia/gpu-operator \
          --set hostPaths.driverInstallDir=/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia \
          --set toolkit.installDir=/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia \
          --set cdi.enabled=true \
          --set cdi.default=true \
          --set driver.enabled=false

   Set the NVIDIA Container Toolkit and driver installation path to ``/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia``.
   On GKE node images, the ``/home`` directory is writable and is a stateful location for storing the NVIDIA runtime binaries.

   To configure MIG with NVIDIA MIG Manager, specify the following additional Helm command arguments:

   .. code-block:: console

      --set migManager.env[0].name=WITH_REBOOT \
      --set-string migManager.env[0].value=true

   Using NVIDIA MIG Manager to configure devices is an alternative to the default GKE approach and is incompatible with the default GKE approach.
   Refer to `Running Multi-Instance GPUs <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/gpus-multi>`__
   in the GKE documentation for information about the default approach.

***************************
Using NVIDIA Driver Manager
***************************

> Perform the following steps to create a GKE cluster with the ``gcloud`` CLI and use the Operator and NVIDIA Driver Manager to manage the GPU driver.

Reviewer: As a reader, it is not entirely clear to me that this section, `Using NVIDIA Driver Manager`, is only applicable for Ubuntu node pools. It may be worth adding a sentence here stating that this approach is only supported on Ubuntu.

  in the Google Cloud documentation.

*********************************
Using the Google Driver Installer
*********************************

Perform the following steps to create a GKE cluster with the ``gcloud`` CLI and use Google driver installer to manage the GPU driver.
You can create a node pool that uses a Container-Optimized OS node image or a Ubuntu node image.

#. Create the cluster.
   Refer to `Running GPUs in GKE Standard clusters <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/gpus#create>`__
   in the GKE documentation.

>    When you create the cluster, specify the following additional ``gcloud`` command-line options:

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `When you create the GPU node pool, ... `?

Reviewer 2: +1, it should be about node pool

   - ``--node-labels="gke-no-default-nvidia-gpu-device-plugin=true"``

     The node label disables the GKE GPU device plugin daemon set on GPU nodes.

   - ``--accelerator type=...,gpu-driver-version=disabled``

>      This argument prevents automatically installing the GPU driver on GPU nodes.

Reviewer 2: How about

```
This argument skips automatic GPU driver installation since it's not supported when using the NVIDIA GPU operator.
```

>      This argument prevents automatically installing the GPU driver on GPU nodes.

Reviewer 2: How about?

```suggestion
     This argument skips automatic GPU driver installation since it's not supported when using the NVIDIA GPU operator.
```

#. Get the authentication credentials for the cluster:

   .. code-block:: console

>       $ USE_GKE_GCLOUD_AUTH_PLUGIN=True \

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop the `USE_GKE_GCLOUD_AUTH_PLUGIN=True` and rely on gcloud default, it shouldn't be needed 

```suggestion
     
```

cc @Dragoncell do you have some context on why we suggested this originally?

>           gcloud container clusters get-credentials demo-cluster --zone us-west1-a

Reviewer 2: small nit, we recommend users to avoid zonal clusters, and instead use regional clusters in general.

So I would perhaps put `--location=us-west1` instead.

   .. code-block:: output

      NAME                  AGE     REQUEST
      gpu-operator-quota    38s     pods: 0/100

#. Install the Google driver installer daemon set.

   For Container-Optimized OS:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/cos/daemonset-preloaded.yaml

   For Ubuntu, the manifest to apply depends on GPU model and node version.
   Refer to the **Ubuntu** tab at
   `Manually install NVIDIA GPU drivers <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/gpus#installing_drivers>`__
   in the GKE documentation.

#. Install the Operator using Helm:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ helm install --wait --generate-name \
          -n gpu-operator \
          nvidia/gpu-operator \
          --set hostPaths.driverInstallDir=/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia \
          --set toolkit.installDir=/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia \
          --set cdi.enabled=true \
          --set cdi.default=true \
          --set driver.enabled=false

   Set the NVIDIA Container Toolkit and driver installation path to ``/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia``.

>    On GKE node images, the ``/home`` directory is writable and is a stateful location for storing the NVIDIA runtime binaries.

Reviewer 2: ```
On GKE node images, the ``/home`` directory is writable and is a stateful location for storing the NVIDIA runtime binaries.
```

This isn't true for all of `/home` in COS. I would remove this paragraph, as it's an implementation detail.

* If you have an existing GKE cluster, refer to
  `Add and manage node pools <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/node-pools>`_
  in the GKE documentation.

> * When you create new node pools, specify the ``--node-labels="gke-no-default-nvidia-gpu-device-plugin=true"`` CLI argument

Reviewer 2: ... and let's also mention to disable the automatic GPU driver installation, i.e.
```
--accelerator type=...,gpu-driver-version=disabled``
```
